I 'm looking forward to it
today
Well, I was asked to keep asking
Well it's what bike introduce But Well, this spike introduction
It is one of the people I there for quite some time
strongly
I asked for a request, but I have always been with the new spike
I thought I would like to introduce the past spikes so far, but a little new
Because spikes will be a little further ahead
I changed my plan a little and today
I'm just wearing spikes
I want to introduce you first
First of all, if I introduce everything , I have thrown it away to face each other
So today is fine
We introduce only a few pieces First of all the items are here
A little dirty
I'm with another soon also Mizuno
supersonic
This was about £ 6980
Although it is pretty dirty it was a white that was changed to red is also the day I am tentatively cowhide
It was sober and high
It's very sweet
This is the best I can wear very easy
Nejihan
Here
Well I introduced you before
Total Kyushu
Though it is 6,900 yen first rank lower of
Well it is euro limited color This was introduced before well
In total 90 fine there will leg
Another one is this
Pretty old model
It was an east end article
Design
The design is like this, but this was actually given by a friend
Do you have a birthday present
I said it was about 2009 version
Pretty wide Day of I I I was happy at that time Why do not also contain a brush now exiles
Because it is outside, it is bus 24 now at all, though
Yes
Next here
Louis Come Sniper
It was I get from friends
This age stature Do I feet
But did you say about now 167 Yet the size of the foot I'm such about what 25 centimeters
It is quite small
So I have been asked by some friends, but this is
Received
This is not so much in yet
But it is quite good spy sentence 3 years old sniper
Last Tten I was the best and we carefully selected in which came up to chest now
Put on an igniter
The point is also fine
I have been wearing it for about a year and can not crush
Well there is also money being removed
Oh dear
I wore it pretty much This was the best
It will not fit
In now Oh Well this
What 's of about a year ago, but mon was good I will not leave yet
At the end of the year
Hey also it Nde that the new model of out smoldering leaves
I've been eyeing but Well new spike
I will introduce you to buy again
Please look forward to it
Well, if you request a spike introduction like this
really
Thank you for various plans
As successor by all means Tsu other various requester'm glad I and try to request
Do to
You wish
How it is increasing log Well steadily channels
It was a little over 30 when I saw it
Yes
Good luck with your channel registration and we want to go recruiting
Well then
Spike introduction
Please comment by all means good-bye